"1.Explain how Portland, Oregon has attempted to be-come a more sustainable city.Section 6.12.What is the key concept for this section? List three factors that account for the rapid increase in the world’s human population over the past 200 years. Summarize the three major population growth trends recognized by demographers. About how many people are added to the world’s population each year? List eight major ways in which we have altered the earth’s ecosystem services to meet our needs. Summarize the debate over whether and how long the human population can keep growing.Section 6.23.What are the two key concepts for this section? List three variables that affect the growth and decline of human populations. How can we calculate the pop-ulation change of an area? Define the total fertil-ity rate (TFR). How has the global TFR changed since 1955? Summarize the story of population growth in the United States. About how much of the annual U.S. population growth is due to legal immi-gration? List six changes in lifestyles that have taken place in the United States during the 20th century, leading to a rise in per capita resource use.4.List nine factors that affect birth rates and fertility rates. Define life expectancy and infant mortality rate and explain how they affect the population size of a country. What is migration? What factors can promote migration?Section 6.35.What is the key concept for this section? What is the age structure of a population? Explain how age structure affects population growth and economic growth. Describe the American baby boom and some of its economic and social effects. What are some problems related to rapid population decline due to an aging population?Section 6.46.What is the key concept for this section? What is the demographic transition and what are its four stages? Explain how the reduction of poverty and empowerment of women can help countries to slow their population growth. What is family planningand how can it help to stabilize populations? De-scribe India’s efforts to control its population growth. Describe China’s population control program and compare it with that of India.Section 6.57.What is the key concept for this section? What per-centage of the world’s people lives in urban areas? List two ways in which urban areas grow. List three trends in global urban growth. Describe the three phases of urban growth in the United States. What is urban sprawl? List five factors that have promoted urban sprawl in the United States. List five undesir-able effects of urban sprawl.8.What are the major advantages and disadvantages of urbanization? Define noise pollution. Explain why most urban areas are unsustainable systems. Describe the major aspects of poverty in urban areas. Summa-rize Mexico City’s major urban and environmental problems and what government officials are doing about them.Section 6.69.What is the key concept for this section? Distinguish between compact and dispersed cities, and give an example of each. What are the major advantages and disadvantages of using motor vehicles? List four ways to reduce dependence on motor vehicles. List the major advantages and disadvantages of relying more on (a) bicycles, (b) bus rapid-transit systems, (c) mass-transit rail systems within urban areas, and (d) rapid-rail systems between urban areas.Section 6.710.Define smart growth and explain its benefits. De-scribe the eco-city model. Give five examples of how Curitiba, Brazil, has attempted to become an eco-city. What are this chapter’s three big ideas? Explain how Portland, Oregon, and other cities are applying the six principles of sustainability to become more sus-tainable urban areas."